if you want relationshipgoals
look no further than this former first
couple I am thrilled to be here today
alongside the vice president and my
favorite person here
Jill Biden oh yeah
welcome to Ms mojo and today we're
counting down our picks for the top 10
times Michelle and Barack made us
believe in love before we begin we
publish new content every day so be sure
to subscribe to our Channel and ring the
bell to get notified about our latest
videos for this list we're looking at
all the moments that show us not only
how much the Obamas love each other but
also remind us why we love them as well
[Music]
[Applause]
number ten essence magazine cover as the
Obama era came to a close
essence magazine decided to send the
couple off with a photoshoot and a
discussion of their legacy while the
photos would have us believe that
they're looking at one another as if
they're the only two people in the room
Michelle eventually spilled the beans on
the truth behind the shoot apparently
Brock doesn't have too much patience for
photo shoots and Michelle was just
trying to keep him in line if she hadn't
told us though we'd be none the wiser
Barack is horrible in photo shoots
because and I hate doing photo shoots
with him so I'm sure right there I would
think would you just be patient and stop
don't rush the photographers like yeah I
think we got the shot can I go can I go
and it's like no you can't go number
nine a couple in Chicago in 1996
photojournalist Marianna cook
interviewed this young couple as part of
a project she was working on that looked
at couples in America through a
photographic lens then in 2009 the New
Yorker gave us an insight into what the
couple revealed while taking part in
this project it's an adorable read that
shows how they've always had each
other's backs it's incredible to think
that at this point the White House was
just a distant dream but one thing's for
sure from the very beginning they were a
perfect match and an unbreakable team
number eight dancing to thriller now my
understanding is is that we've been
working on a little dance we don't know
how it's gonna go but we think we should
all just try it anyway what do you think
the couple that dances awkwardly
together stays together during the White
House's Halloween celebration the
President and First Lady announced
they'd prepared a little dance routine
to Michael Jackson's Thriller
the only thing that's really scary about
it is how unprepared they actually are
nevertheless they deserve bonus points
for effort and working together to
engage the kids in the festivities it's
not the best example of the Obamas
getting their groove on but you know
what they say for better or for worse
[Music]
number seven when Michelle made a
Valentine's Day playlist there is
nothing more old-school than using a
mixtape to tell someone how you feel
about them nevertheless Michelle brought
the mixtape in to 2018 by creating a
Valentine's playlist on Spotify for her
husband adorably called forever mine it
contains 44 songs including John
Legend's all of me Whitney Houston's I
want to dance with somebody and the
ultimate throwback Etta James at last
but more on that later
each carefully chosen song gives us
quite a bit of insight into the Obamas
relationship making us wonder why
mixtapes ever went out of style number 6
talking about their first date there's
nothing more heartwarming than watching
the Obamas reminisce about their first
date actually we spent the whole day
together he was showing me all facets of
his character Barak showed off his
cultural side by taking Michelle to the
Art Institute of Chicago and having
lunch in the courtyard before hitting
the theater to catch a showing of Spike
Lee's do the right thing it's so sweet
to watch their eyes light up as they
talk and the way Barack looks at his
wife while she speaking shows us they
don't just have a spark they have a
whole fireworks display and then we want
to see do the right thing
Spike Lee and just come out let's just
come up showed all the sides he was hip
cutting-edge cultural sensitive the
fountain nice touch the wall patient
take tips gentleman number 5 when
Michelle revealed the moment she knew
she was in love finding the one it might
sound kind of cheesy but when it comes
to the Obamas we just can't get enough
we were starting to date and he took me
to one of the trainings he was doing
with a group of single-parent mothers on
the south side of Chicago Michelle takes
us back to their pre political days when
Barack was a community organizer helping
single mothers in Chicago's South Side
his passion and enthusiasm as he spoke
about improving the world struck
Michelle and the rest as they say is
history gave a speech and he talked
about the world as it is
and the world as it should be and the
notion that we're always fighting for
the world as it should be
mind you she can't resist one little
jibe at her husband who doesn't seem to
remember to put his shoes away at the
end of the day but hey that's true love
this guy's different
you know so was at that training that I
sort of thought I could be with somebody
who you know cares so deeply about other
people and is willing to make the
sacrifices so thank you for taking me
down memory lane so when he doesn't put
his shoes up tonight I'll remember oh
that's why number four reading
Valentine's poetry on Ellen if the
Obamas relationship were a fairy tale
Ellen DeGeneres would be their fairy
godmother when the pair was apart for
Valentine's Day in 2016
Ellen helped Michelle get her
Valentine's message to Barack with a
special poem that leaves you unsure
where to go or burst out laughing
somebody called the Situation Room
because things are about to get hot for
someone who's apparently been surprised
Rock came prepared and has an equally
sweet and hilarious poem of his own to
deliver this is the definition of
relationship goals as they don't take
themselves too seriously and there's
plenty of love to go around I'm gonna
make you some zucchini bread then I'll
spread out some veggies on a plate just
the way you like them
number three when they shared their love
on social media because today we have
been married for 25 years the Obamas are
arguably the most relatable couple to
have ever entered the White House and
their social media accounts prove
they're just like us
birthdays Valentine's Day Father's Day
our wedding throw backs there's a tweet
or Instagram post to mark every occasion
on top of that Barack left Michelle a
heartfelt video message when duty
prevented them from celebrating their
25th anniversary together it's no wonder
that as people got to know you the way
that I got to know you that they fell in
love whether the message is funny or
cute these posts encompass how
down-to-earth this power couple is and
that's why we love them it is truly the
best decision that I ever made
to be persistent enough asking you out
for a date that you finally gave him
number two when Barack thanked Michelle
in his final speech Michelle in his last
speeches POTUS Obama got emotional when
he started to thank Michelle for
everything she had done for their family
and the country over the years for the
past 25 years you have not only been my
wife and mother of my children you have
been my best friend even he becomes
overwhelmed by the love in the room as
he struggles to hold back tears he
thanks her for being a wonderful role
model and for graciously taking on a job
she didn't ask for you took on a role
you didn't ask for and you made it your
own with grace and with grit and the
style his words are bound to leave you
with goosebumps showing us just how much
they love each other and reminding us
why we love Team Obama and you have made
the country-club before we unveil our
number-one pick
here are some honorable mentions Barack
has two smiles you know for a photo it's
like this smile or this smile
[Applause]
[Music]
number one their first dance as POTUS
and FLOTUS
[Music]
let's set the mood barack obama has just
become president beyonce is singing at a
james at last and the new first couple
is about to hit the dance floor it's
like something out of a fairy tale with
the promise of a happily ever after not
far off into the future when they look
at each other it's like there's no one
else in the room he might just have
become the leader of the free world but
around his wife he still gets weak in
the knees
[Music]
de nada looked at you do you agree with
our pics check out these other great
clips from MS mojo and be sure to
subscribe and ring the bell to be
notified about our latest videos